Add Talmanspresidiet and update some positions (#579)
datasektionen/bawang-content: namnder/talmanspresidiet/body_en.md

> # Speakers’ Presidium

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Speakers' Presidium
```

The Speaker's Presidium is tasked with organizing Chapter Meetings (SM) and Electoral Meetings (VM) held throughout the year. The Presidium consists of the Speaker, Vice Speaker, and the Secretary.

## Chapter Meetings (SM) and Electoral Meetings (VM)

> The Chapter Meeting, SM, is the highest decision-making body of the section. Before SM's, all members are free to submit motions, proposals, and interpellations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chapter Meeting, SM, is the highest decision-making body in the Chapter. Before SM's, all members are free to submit motions, proposals, and interpellations.
```

> §3 of the [Data section's statutes](https://styrdokument.datasektionen.se/stadgar#3-sektionsm%C3%B6tet) (Translated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Section 3 of our Chapter's [statutes](https://styrdokument.datasektionen.se/stadgar#3-sektionsm%C3%B6tet) state (translated):
```
